Stephanie's in at Her Majesty's
pleasure.
Take care of the business
for a few days.
Yeah. It's ã250 an hour.
I'm not a madam. Just helping out
an old friend.
I need some new supplies. Whips,
handcuffs. I'll get you a list.
So, you are a fucking whore?
That's enough. Hannah's gone out of
her way to look after you.
Thank you.
What for?
Standing up for me.
Our other relationships,
they're fine.
But they're not real.
You can do anything you want.
I've never lied to Ben.
Hannah, I'm really worried about you now,
so, just call me when you get this, please.
Maybe we should just try
and be like good friends.
You'd best go home, Belle.
This isn't you, Hannah.
Just kiss me, Ben, please.
Are you OK?
In life, our past
always catches up with us.
And we have to ask ourselves
what we really want.
After all, every decision
has consequences.
And there's always
a day of reckoning.
Secret Diary of a Call Girl
Season 4, Episode 8
Sync and corrected by
www.addic7ed.com
I don't know why, but I've always
found courtrooms sexy.
Maybe it's the outfits.
Maybe it's that...that building sense
of jeopardy.
(GAVEL BANGS)
We, the jury, find the defendant,
Stephanie Charlton...
Or maybe...maybe it's something else.
(HEAVY BREATHING)
..guilty.
(GASPING)
The deal was, you promised
you'd get her off.
Exciting, isn't it?
Well, no, not really. I only agreed
to take over for a few weeks.
Trust me. This one's completely
under control.
She has no history
of any previous convictions.
And indeed, has spent a lengthy
period in custody awaiting trial.
And I see no reason to detain her
further.
Miss Charlton, you're free to go.
You bad...
Yes.
..bad...
..bad judge!
Yes! Yes!
Stephanie...
Stephanie.
Congratulations.
Some jailbirds' wings
just can never be clipped.
I'm having a little party tonight.
For you.
Me? Just my way of saying thank you
for everything you've done.
You didn't have to.
Never let it be said
I don't repay my debts.
Oh, yes.
See you tonight.
Oh, shit.
So, this is Ben.
Yeah. Ben, this is Harry.
Shall we get going?
He says you two
have worked together.
Yeah, we...sort of,
I mean, it was...a long time ago.
She helped me out on some police
business. Yeah.
Nothing untoward. She was very
professional at all times.
Well, I'll leave you to it.
All right.
Very nice to meet you.
Belle.
Always a pleasure.
What was that all about?
Nothing.
Do you want some lunch?
Who was that guy?
I told you, he's a friend of
Stephanie's.
Come on. There's this really good
place just down the road.
I've got to go to work.
Ben, will you just stop, please?
Look, I know things have been
difficult lately, OK, but...
Stephanie's out now, and things
can just go back to normal.
Normal? A few days ago, you leave
a freaked-out message on my phone,
disappear for hours, I still don't
know what happened.
What's it going to be next week?
It's my job, Ben.
I'm not sure how much more I can
take.
Oh, come on.
Other people know where their
girlfriends are at night.
What do you want me to do?
Shall I just give up my job?
Why should I give up my job?
I love my job.
My job is who I am.
You know, maybe I was right all
along. No man can handle what I do.
I can handle it.
What are you doing here?
Declaring my allegiance.
This really isn't a good time.
So, this is Hannah.
Wow. Moving up in the world, Hannah.
Very cosy.
Very chic.
I have to go to work in a minute,
Harry.
Not very you, though, is it?
I mean, you're not the stay-at-home
type.
I have a boyfriend.
Ben is my boyfriend.
Yes. He's a boy.
What you need is a man.
Ben is a man.
Really?
Yeah. He looks more like
a skinny kid to me.
He's actually one of the kindest
and...
funniest, most decent people -
Yeah, but he doesn't excite you.
Doesn't get under your skin.
Not like I do.
I've got to go to work.
Fine.
Whatever you say.
But I know who you are, Belle.
And right now, you're trying to be
something you're not.
I'm not trying to be someone I'm not.
I know exactly who I am,
and exactly what I'm doing.
At home and in work,
I'm totally in control.
Ooh!
You must be Belle.
Yeah. Sorry. You're Lewis, right?
Right.
I just got my heel caught.
Sorry. Sorry. Come in.
So, Lewis,
what can I do for you today?
Whatever you want.
No, I believe the deal here is...
..whatever you want.
I don't know what I want.
Come on. There must be something.
You can tell me.
Nothing too naughty.
No fantasies?
I like to be tested.
I like it to be hard.
Oh!
Oh, God.
I'm sorry, I...I didn't realise.
I can't believe I just did that.
No, no. It's OK. Don't worry.
That hasn't happened to me since
sixth from, I swear.
Oh, fuck!
Oh!
Fuck!
I knew it.
Oh...
I know exactly who you are.
You're Hannah Baxter from school.
Cheers.
That's horrible.
So, advertising.
Well...
At least I'm an honest prostitute.
What can I say? I've got a gift.
I can make even Hoovers seem sexy.
What about you?
No, I think I draw the line
at Hoovers.
No, I meant, you could have done
anything. Why choose this?
The same reason you're in
advertising, probably.
I mean...
I'm good at it.
I think, and um...
I just...I enjoy it.
I like getting to know clients.
I like finding out their secrets.
I'm not really a virgin.
I was the animal guy at college.
The last time I had a girlfriend,
I was 17.
Kind of like, a private detective.
Or a priest...ish,
with just, like, better underwear.
Just loads and loads of sex.
Is it really that simple?
Well, no, I never said it was simple.
I'm going out with, I fall in
love with her,
and I walk in and she's fucking
some guy.
You sleep with other men.
It's my job!
It's what I do. It's different.
When are you going to get it? There
is no Belle and there is no Hannah.
It's just you who doesn't know
what you want.
Even though you had braces
and huge teeth,
and you were a bit chubby
in school...
I always had the biggest crush
on you.
Chubby? Wow. (LAUGHS) That's nice.
Sorry.
It's OK.
Shall we have another round?
Yeah.
Cheers.
There's nothing like colliding
with your past...
to help you face your present.
What's going on?
I meant what I said.
I can't take this anymore.
Are you leaving?
When we were just mates,
you told me everything.
About life, about work, no secrets.
Since we got together, it's like
I don't know anything about you.
That's not true.
No?
How honest have we been
with each other lately?
Things have been difficult, Ben.
I'm fine with what you do
for a living. I am.
What I can't deal with
is what it's doing to us.
I don't trust you anymore.
Let's just talk about it.
I can't just change overnight.
Well, I won't go to
Stephanie's tonight.
Please.
No, you go. I'll meet you
afterwards.
Well, when?
Midnight. Our place
on the Embankment.
If you think you're ready to give up
being Belle,
give you and me a shot at a decent
future, you come and meet me.
And if not...
It's your decision, Han.
Who do you want to be?
In life, there is always a moment...
..when your future depends
on a choice.
Hi.
Belle.
There's someone I want you to meet.
My new girlfriend. Sylvia Burke.
Crown Prosecutor. Best there is.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
Have we met before?
I don't think so, but I've heard
a lot about you.
Caught me by the balls in the courtroom
and the bedroom. Fucking exhilarating.
That's wonderful news, Liam.
Well done.
You look sensational.
I need to talk to you.
Very important.
I can't do this right now, Harry.
Sorry.
Charlie, you look...(LAUGHS)
Thank you. This is Marius.
Don't speak to him.
Gosh, you never stop, do you?
Marius is not a client.
Marius is my husband.
Oh.
Come along, Marius.
Time for your walk.
Belle.
Hi.
So, you understand, there was no-one else
I could have trusted the business with?
You're a natural.
Oh, I don't know.
No, you are. You were born for it.
It's in the veins.
Do you mind if I step in?
Be my guest.
Shall we?
You can't run away from me forever,
you know.
I shouldn't be doing this.
Is this what you know you want?
I know what I want. You.
Harry.
Be with me.
Why me? I mean, you know, there's a big
city out there full of gorgeous women.
Come on.
But there's only one you.
When I'm with you,
I feel alive.
And so do you.
I can't be with you, Harry.
Why?
Why not?
What are you doing instead?
You're never going to
make Ben happy.
You are not that type of girl.
Think about it, Belle.
Me and you, we could go anywhere,
we could do anything.
Think about the adventure. Think about
all the things we could get to explore.
I don't want you to give up
your life.
I just want to have you in mine.
I have to go.
Come back.
I can't. I have to go.
Is this it?
This is it, is it?
You're not coming.
I love you, Ben.
You're my best friend.
And you deserve the best life.
But it's not with me.
I can't give you what you need
and I can't change who I am.
I don't want you to change
who you are.
You deserve so much better than that.
You deserve the best.
You know this is the end, Hannah,
yeah?
We can't go back from this.
♪ ADELE: Someone Like You
♪ Don't forget me, I beg
♪ I remember you said
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead
♪ Never mind,
I'll find someone like you
♪ I wish nothing but the best
for you, too.. ♪
Some choices we make for ourselves
in life.
And some we make for other people.
Not because we don't love them,
but because we do.
The only way we know it's right is
if it lets us stay true to ourselves.
But we can't regret our choices.
The past is behind us.
All we have is the present.
And the future.
Whatever that may bring.
♪ Don't forget me, I beg
♪ I remember you said
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead,
yeah
♪ Never mind,
I'll find someone like you
♪ I wish nothing but the best
for you, too
♪ Don't forget me, I beg
♪ I remember you said
♪ Sometimes it lasts in love
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead
♪ But sometimes it hurts instead,
yeah ♪
Sync and corrected by
www.addic7ed.com
Take a nice, long bath.
(LAUGHS)
Arrh! Arrh!
Toast her face.
Cut.
But now I'm back.
Now that I am back...
you'll want me back.
(LAUGHS)
You'll want me back.
Is that in the script?
(LAUGHS)
Sorry. (LAUGHS)